So once we've got that, we're actually
okay with GitHub for right now, right?
Cuz what we're really trying to do, is
we're just trying to set up everything so
we don't have to think about it later,
okay?
So we've set up Doppler, right?
We've set up GitHub, and now we
wanna set up Terraform Cloud, right?
So the next thing you're gonna wanna do
is you're gonna wanna navigate to your
Terraform Cloud account.
So it's like app.terraform.io.
Now again,
I already have workspaces in here, but
this is an example of what
Terraform Cloud looks like.
You've got a lot of
the fundamentals in your mind now.
So this should make a little sense, right,
of what these workspaces are,
what resources they manage, right?
As you'll notice in my existing
resources I have a cache, right?
This is all my cache resources.
Here's my cluster resources.
And you'll notice that I have,
why is Bulbasaur in there?
[INAUDIBLE]
>> Right,
that's how I version my infrastructure.
So instead of Version 1,
Version 2, I got nerdy with it and
I said,
all of my versions are off of Pokemon.
So technically, this cluster is the first
version of the AWS cluster for dev.
Why do we do that?
Why do we version our clusters like that?
Well, it makes it so that I can have
multiple clusters per environment, right?
So if I wanted to have an active and
a passive cluster, right,
this is where these workspaces
really come into play.
I could have an AWS cluster bulbasaur, or
AWS cluster active-dev,
AWS cluster passive-dev, right?
Each workspace manages its own cluster,
and
then when I wanna shift between one to
the other, I just change the name, right?
So having good naming conventions
is really crucial when it
comes to setting up resources.
Another thing you'll notice is what's
the first thing you read in my workspaces?
That answers what question?
>> Provider.
>> Exactly, so if I was a developer and
I came in here and I said, where are they?
Where, Amazon.
What, cache.
When, Bulbasaur, right?
So you've got where, what, and when,
basically, all in your naming conventions.
This is crucial to scale.
It is, it really is.
Naming is crucial.
Knowing what is something and
what that name is, is very, very crucial,
because it makes it easier for
people to find things, yep.
>> So
this first time into Terraform Cloud,
it gives you the option to pick between
provisioning example resources for
a new user, creating a new
organization with a blank slate.
>> Create a new org with blank slate,
yeah, go ahead and do that, yeah, yeah.
So if you do get asked to create a new
org, just create an organization,
make it your own name that you want.
Basically get to the point where you have
a blank page with just what you see here
without any resources in it, yeah.
And again, you can see here,
hey, look at that!
Even I have a GitHub and a TFE, right?
And this is because, again, I follow that
same mentality of automate everything.
The next thing we wanna do,
is we actually wanna create a token.
All we're doing right now is just
setting up our environment, so
we gotta have access to everything when
we go to start creating our automation.
So I'm gonna click up in the top
here on my little profile, and
then I'm gonna click User Settings.
Now, there's two ways to create
tokens in Terraform Cloud,
but there's a caveat in one way,
which is a token cannot manage itself.
Does that make sense?
Does anyone know maybe why
a token cannot manage itself?
>> Because it'll expire?
>> Sure, well,
it could delete itself, right?
It could manipulate or
change things and things like that.
And so, if you wanted to,
there is actually a way in
Terraform Cloud to create tokens for
organizations.
But they don't let you manage
everything because the user is
what has complete access to
everything in Terraform Cloud.
So this is a little bit of a caveat here,
which is, if you want to manage teams and
higher level resources, it actually is
just easier to create a user token.
Because this is like the admin
of the admin, essentially, and
it has access to every org,
every permission.
This is something I ran into.
So we're gonna go to tokens for
our user, and then we're gonna
click Create an API Token, right?
I'm gonna type in my token, example token.
90 days again, set an expiration, right?
Then I'm gonna generate token.
Now, there's my token, right?
There's a button right here that
allows me to copy that token.
So I'm gonna click Copy, and
then I'm gonna click Delete so
that no one can delete anything.
And then I'm gonna go back,
once again, to Doppler.
And Just like we did with Github,
I'm gonna go to My Project,
and I'm gonna add another token,
two technically, sorry,
one TFE token, and
we're gonna paste the value there, and
then another one is
TF_Token_App_Terraform_io.
Now you might be like, why do we have
both of these with the same value?
It's because one is for
native connection to Terraform Cloud,
whereas the second one is using
it with the provider, all right?
So the first one is to make sure that the
TFE token can actually access everything,
but when we run it with Terraform itself,
it uses TFE token underscore app provider,
because Terraform actually
allows you to have your own
hosting service if you wanted.
So they make it so that this is how you
target which Terraform cloud you're
trying to talk to, essentially,
and what key you're using.
And since we're using
the official TerraForm cloud,
we just use App_TerraForm_IO, so.
>> Is that for the runner itself?
>> What's that?
>> Is that for the runner?
>> Well, we're gonna be doing
runs locally, but yeah, it's for
the runner itself, yeah.
And again, as far as I know,
this is still required.
It might not be, but we're just gonna
add there just to be safe, right?
So I'm gonna do this again,
12345, 123456, right?
I'm gonna save, and save.